**SIX CRM – SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE AGREEMENT**

This Software as a Service (SaaS) Agreement (the &quot;Agreement&quot;) is entered into by and between, Six CRM LLC (&quot;Six CRM&quot;), a Delaware corporation, and the subscriber identified in the order form associated with this subscription (the &quot;Subscriber,&quot; &quot;You,&quot; or &quot;Your&quot;). Both Six CRM and Subscriber may be referred to herein individually as a &quot;Party&quot; and/or collectively as the &quot;Parties.&quot; This Agreement includes and incorporates the attached Exhibits.

Six CRM owns, operates, and provides certain proprietary internet-based software, tools, support, and related customer management and E-commerce services through website located at https://sixcrm.com (the &quot;Site&quot;) (the &quot;Services&quot;).  You must agree to abide by the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement in order to use the Services as a Subscriber.  PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE REGISTERING TO BECOME A SUBSCRIBER OF THE SERVICES. By signing up as a Subscriber of the Services, You indicate Your acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.  If You do not accept this Agreement, do not register for or continue use of the Services.  You agree that you are responsible for any of your representatives, employees, affiliates, members or any person or entity acting on your behalf with respect to their use of the Services and such parties shall be bound by, and shall abide by, the terms of this Agreement. You further agree that you are bound by the terms of this Agreement whether you are acting on your own behalf or on behalf of a third party.

* **1.** **SaaS Services and Support**
  * **1.1** Subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and payment of all Fees by Subscriber, Six CRM agrees to grant Subscriber a subscription to access and use the Services through the Site. All access to the Services shall be through the Site and Subscriber shall not have any right to download or install any software or other tools directly onto Subscriber&#39;s equipment. The Services may be further described and/or limited through Subscriber&#39;s order form and the description of the applicable tiered Services to be provided under this Agreement, each of which are incorporated into this Agreement.
  * **1.2** Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Six CRM will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Subscriber the Services in accordance with the Service Level Terms attached hereto as **Exhibit A**.
  * **1.3** Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Six CRM will provide Subscriber with reasonable technical support services in accordance with the terms set forth in **Exhibit B**.

* **2.** **Users and Registration**
  * **2.1** Unless otherwise agreed to between Six CRM and Subscriber, Subscriber is permitted to create one owner user name and password for Subscriber&#39;s account. Subscriber shall be responsible for (a) providing true, accurate, current, and complete information in all material respects; (b) updating such information on a regular basis; and (c) notifying Six CRM immediately of any unauthorized use of the Services. You may elect to provide access to the Services, for your benefit, to additional users (&quot;Authorized Users&quot;), Subscriber will be responsible for ensuring that all Authorized Users, including Subscriber, use the Services in accordance with this Agreement. The activity for allal Authorized Users will count to the calculation of the applicable Fees for Subscriber.
  * **2.2** Six CRM shall have the right to request from Subscriber its certification of compliance with the permitted number of Authorized Users. Where the actual number of users exceeds the permitted number of Authorized Users, Six CRM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate Subscriber&#39;s account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services.
  * **2.3** Six CRM reserves the right to refuse registration of or cancel passwords it deems inappropriate or inadequate or to require additional security requirements for access to the Services.
  * **2.4** If any information provided by Subscriber is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete in any material respect, Six CRM has the right to terminate Subscriber&#39;s account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services.

* **3.** **Restrictions and Prohibitions on Use**

* Your access and use of the Site and Services and any information, materials, or documents (collectively defined as &quot;Content and Materials&quot;) therein are subject to the following restrictions and prohibitions on use:

* You may not:
  * **3.1** Copy, print, or display the Site, Services, or Content and Materials except as necessary for your own internal uses;
  * **3.2** Republish, distribute, transmit, sell, rent, lease, loan or otherwise make available in any form or by any means any portion of the Site or Services or any Content or Material retrieved therefrom;
  * **3.3** Use the Site, Services, or Content and Materials to develop, as a component of, any information, storage or retrieval system, database, information base, or similar source (in any media now existing or hereafter developed), that is offered for commercial distribution of any kind, including through sale, license, lease, rental, subscription, or any other commercial distribution mechanism;
  * **3.4** Create compilations of derivative works of any Content and Materials from the Site or Services;
  * **3.5** Use any Site, Services, or Content and Materials in any manner that may infringe any copyright, intellectual property right, proprietary right, or proprietary right of Six CRM or any third parties;
  * **3.6** Remove, change, or obscure any copyright notice or other proprietary notice or terms of use contained in the Site, Services, or Content and Materials;
  * **3.7** Make any frame or mirror the Site or Services or otherwise make any portion of the Site or Services available to any third-parties;
  * **3.8** Remove, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any Site or Services software or use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the Site&#39;s or Services&#39; plan architecture;
  * **3.9** You may not use any software, devices, scripts, crawlers, robots, or other automated processes to copy, scrape, or systematically acquire any content contained within the Services;
  * **3.10** Use the Site or Services for the purpose of gathering information for or transmitting (1) unsolicited commercial email in violation of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and any rule changes or amendments thereto; (2) email that makes use of headers, invalid or nonexistent domain names or other means of deceptive addressing; and (3) unsolicited telephone calls or facsimile transmissions in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 and any rule changes or amendments thereto;
  * **3.11** Use the Site or Services in a manner that violates any state, federal law, or applicable international law, including, but not limited to, any law regulating email, facsimile transmissions, or telephone solicitations;
  * **3.12** Use a single account for multiple business entities;
  * **3.13** Export or re-export the Site or Services or any portion thereof, or any software available on or through the Site or Services, in violation of the export control laws or regulations of the United States; and
  * **3.14** Use the Services in connection with any websites or businesses that (a) participate in, undertake, encourage or display any political hate-mongering, racial, ethnic, fraudulent, misleading or otherwise objectionable content or false advertising, (b) participate in, undertake, encourage or display any hacking or software pirating, (c) participate in, undertake, encourage or display any activity in violation of any applicable state, federal or international laws, rules or regulations, (d) participate in, undertake, encourage or display any activity that violates the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 or other applicable state or international SPAM laws, as amended from time to time.

* **4.** **Payment of Fees**
  * **4.1** Fees shall be payable by Subscriber to Six CRM in accordance with the pricing set forth on sixcrm.com/pricing (the &quot;Pricing Schedule&quot;) and Subscriber&#39;s applicable order form, which are incorporated into the Agreement by reference. Six CRM shall have the right to modify Subscriber&#39;s Fees one time per calendar year. The price change will be effective fourteen (14) days after posted on the Pricing Schedule, unless the modification provides a later effective date.
  * **4.2** Subscriber agrees to pay Six CRM all applicable charges as defined in the Pricing Schedule for the Services, in United States dollars.
  * **4.3** Six CRM may offer some or all of its Services through free trial offers from time to time. The failure to cancel your free trial during the stated period will result in you being charged for the associated Services beginning at the end of the trial period. For more details, please review the specific terms of the free trial offer, if applicable. Six CRM does not guarantee that any portion of the Services will always be available for free.
  * **4.4** If Subscriber has provided Six CRM with a payment account, Subscriber authorizes Six CRM to automatically charge that account the applicable Fees for each period during the term of User&#39;s subscription. If Subscriber has not provided a payment account, Six CRM will provide Subscriber with an invoice for each period&#39;s Fees, with such amounts due within five (5) days from the date of the invoice (the &quot;Payment Period&quot;).
  * **4.5** Six CRM reserves the right to charge a service charge of 1.5% per month, calculated from the end of the Payment Period on the outstanding balance remaining unpaid after the due date of any invoice. Subscriber shall be permitted to withhold amounts disputed in good faith to the extent provided in accordance with Section 3 herein. In addition, in the event any undisputed amounts have not been paid within the relevant Payment Period, Six CRM reserves the right to suspend the performance of the Services, including access to data, refusing to provide any Services, and/or exercising any termination rights it has under this Agreement, unless alternative terms have been negotiated and agreed to in writing by both parties. No credit is extended by Six CRM to Subscriber unless otherwise agreed to in writing. Six CRM may suspend any and all Services to Subscriber in the event that Subscriber&#39;s account is not current, including, but not limited to, suspending Subscriber&#39;s access to any of Subscriber&#39;s data stored within the Services. Subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold Six CRM and its subsidiaries and subcontractors harmless from any and all Losses (defined below), resulting from such a suspension of Services. Six CRM has full discretion in whether to resume any suspended Services. Six CRM may impose any conditions that Six CRM deems necessary before resuming a suspended Service, including but not limited to requiring Subscriber to post additional monetary reserves or provide a payment account.
  * **4.6** If Subscriber reasonably disputes an invoice, Subscriber must pay the undisputed amount before the expiration of the Payment Period and submit written Notice of the disputed amount. Subscriber and Six CRM shall promptly work together to resolve the dispute. If a dispute is not resolved within a period of thirty (30) days, Subscriber and Six CRM may select a mutually acceptable third party to promptly arbitrate said dispute in accordance with this Agreement. In the event that Subscriber requires additional or back-up information in order to verify the accuracy of an invoice delivered by Six CRM, such request for information shall not constitute a dispute, and the Subscriber shall remit the full invoice amount to Six CRM, while maintaining the option to dispute the invoice should the back-up information lead to a determination of inaccurate billing. If the dispute is resolved against Subscriber, Subscriber shall pay the disputed amount as soon as practicable following the resolution of the dispute. If the dispute is resolved against Six CRM, Subscriber shall be under no obligation to pay such disputed amounts to Six CRM and be forever released of any such obligation following the resolution of such payment dispute against Six CRM. The acceptance and deposit by Six CRM of any payment from Subscriber that contains reference of any type that such payment constitutes &quot;Payment in Full&quot; shall not constitute an accord and satisfaction or a waiver by Six CRM of any right(s) it possesses, in law or equity, to collect payment in full from Subscriber for any and all Services provided to Subscriber under this Agreement. Six CRM and Subscriber hereby agree that any undercharge or overcharge will have a maximum twelve (12) month look-back period.
  * **4.7** All fees for Services are exclusive of local, state or federal, use, value added, excise, personal property or other similar taxes or duties, and, except for taxes based on Six CRM&#39;s income, Subscriber shall be responsible for all taxes and fees that arise in any jurisdiction, however designated, imposed on, incident to, or based upon the provision, sale or use of the Services. Subscriber is solely responsible for identifying and resolving sales and use tax collection issues for the sale of Subscriber&#39;s products or services, including the necessity of charging, collecting and reporting such taxes.
  * **4.8** Subscriber and Six CRM shall each be responsible for their own costs associated with carrying out the terms of this Agreement.
  * **4.9** No Refunds. All payments made to Six CRM are NON-REFUNDABLE.

* **5.** **Term and Termination**
  * **5.1** Agreement Term. This Agreement is legally binding as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as provided for herein. Unless this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the terms set forth herein, the Initial Term of this Agreement shall be ninety (90) days. Following the Initial Term and unless otherwise terminated as provided for this Agreement, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each, a &quot;Renewal Term&quot;) until such time as a party provides the other party with written notice of termination pursuant to the provisions below. Subscriber&#39;s account, subscription, and access to the Services will automatically terminate upon termination of this Agreement.
  * **5.2** Termination of Agreement for Convenience. Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement and Subscriber&#39;s account for any reason upon written notice to the other party. All Fees will still be applicable from the receipt of the termination notice up through and including the termination date. All invoices must be current prior to the termination date and should include any expected expenses relating to the closing of the account. Upon receipt of written notice from Subscriber, Company will, at Subscriber&#39;s request, prepare a memo outlining the procedure for closing the account.
  * **5.3** Account Termination by Six CRM. In addition to the right to immediately terminate this Agreement (and your account) for any reason, You agree that Six CRM may, without prior notice, immediately terminate your Six CRM account, any associated email address, and access to the Service for any of the following reasons: (a) your breach of this Agreement or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Services (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical issues or problems, and (f) extended periods of inactivity. Termination of your Six CRM account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Services, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Six CRM&#39;s sole discretion and that Six CRM shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, deletion of data or access to the Service.
  * **5.4** Subscriber&#39;s Right to Cease Use of Services. You may stop using the Service at any time by closing your Account or ceasing to use the Service. In such event, you will not be entitled to any refund of any fees that you have paid prior to you ceasing to use the Service.
  * **5.5** Payments upon Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Subscriber shall pay to Six CRM all amounts due and payable hereunder, if any.

* **6.** **Mutual Representations and Warranties**

EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO THE OTHER PARTY THAT: (A) IT HAS THE FULL CORPORATE RIGHT, POWER AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE AGREEMENT, TO GRANT THE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER AND TO PERFORM THE ACTS REQUIRED OF IT HEREUNDER; (B) THE EXECUTION OF THE AGREEMENT BY IT AND THE PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND DUTIES HEREUNDER, DOES NOT AND WILL NOT VIOLATE ANY AGREEMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY OR BY WHICH IT IS OTHERWISE BOUND; (C) WHEN EXECUTED AND DELIVERED, THE AGREEMENT WILL CONSTITUTE THE LEGAL, VALID AND BINDING OBLIGATION OF EACH PARTY, ENFORCEABLE AGAINST EACH PARTY IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS TERMS; (D) THE INDIVIDUAL COMPLETING THE AGREEMENT HAS THE AUTHORITY TO LEGALLY BIND THE PARTY.

* **7.** **Subscriber&#39;s Representations and Warranties**

In addition to the mutual representations in Section 6 above, You represent and warrant that: (a) you will perform your rights, duties and obligations under this Agreement, and, at all times, you will be in compliance with all applicable local, state, and federal laws, rules and regulations; (b) your collection, processing, transfer, and use of any personally-identifiable information, non-personally-identifiable information, or any other data shall be in compliance with all applicable local, state, federal, and international laws, rules and regulations, pertaining in any way to the privacy, confidentiality, security, management, disclosure, reporting, and any other obligations related to the possession or use of any personally identifiable information or other data; including, but not limited to, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (&quot;CAN-SPAM&quot;) and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (&quot;TCPA&quot;) (collectively &quot;Privacy Laws and Regulations&quot;); (c) to the extent applicable, you will comply with all European Union data privacy laws, including without limitation, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR); (d) you are not currently aware of or subject to any investigation or litigation, either by a government regulator or by a third party; (e) the information you provided to Six CRM is truthful, accurate, complete and not misleading in any material respect; (f) you will not use the Services in violation of the prohibitions set forth in Section 3, above.

If Subscriber&#39;s domain or IP (Internet Protocol) is &#39;blacklisted&#39; for SPAM, Six CRM may require that Subscriber immediately suspend and permanently remove the applicable advertising campaign, links, and/or websites (including landing pages) upon notice to Subscriber. If the matter is not resolved immediately by Subscriber, including by suspending and permanently removing the applicable advertising campaign, links and/or websites, Six CRM reserves the right (without limiting any of the other remedies available to Six CRM at law or in equity) to independently suspend Subscriber&#39;s domain or IP, such campaign, links and/or websites (to the extent accessible by Six CRM), Subscriber&#39;s access to the Services, or to take such other steps it deems necessary or appropriate under the circumstances, or to terminate this Agreement (and Subscriber&#39;s use of the Services) immediately, without liability to Customer, in all events, in Six CRM&#39;s sole discretion.

Subscriber represents and warrants that no deceptive or unlawful practices were utilized in obtaining or procuring any Subscriber Data and that Subscriber is lawfully permitted to collect, use, and transfer to Six CRM any and all Subscriber Data.

Failure to comply with these Representations and Warranties may result in the immediate suspension and/or termination of your account.

* **8.** **Warranty and Disclaimer**

Six CRM shall use commercially-reasonable efforts to maintain the Services in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions in the Services and shall perform implementation of Services in a professional and workmanlike manner. Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by Six CRM or by third-party providers, or because of other causes beyond Six CRM&#39;s reasonable control, but Six CRM shall use commercially-reasonable efforts to provide advance notice in writing or by e-mail of any scheduled service disruption. However, Six CRM does not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or error free; nor does it make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the Services. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot; AND &quot;AS AVAILABLE&quot; BASIS, AND YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. SIX CRM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SIX CRM FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR CONTENT OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES AND/OR INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY ECONOMIC BENEFIT YOU MAY GAIN FROM USE OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES. SIX CRM MAKES NO GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE LEVEL OF LEADS, SIGNUPS, OR REVENUE GENERATED THAT SUBSCRIBER CAN EXPECT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND SUBSCRIBING TO THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES.

Subscriber is responsible for ensuring Subscriber has all necessary equipment, internet connections, and/or other specifications necessary to access and use the Services.

* **9.** **Subscriber Data**
  * **9.1** Subscriber is and shall remain the sole owner and controller of all data input by Subscriber, Subscriber&#39;s partners or Authorized Users, or Subscriber&#39;s customers or potential customers into or through the Services, user behavior on Subscriber&#39;s website and captured by the Services, or information that is otherwise collected by Six CRM on Subscriber&#39;s behalf (&quot;Subscriber Data&quot;). Subscriber Data is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Subscriber and all right, title, and interest in the same is reserved by Subscriber. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Subscriber Data does not include any information, tracking data, or tracking methodologies, other than Subscriber Data, generated by the Services, regardless of whether or not the information, tracking data or tracking methodology was generated as a result of Subscriber&#39;s use of the Services, all of which are owned by Six CRM.
  * **9.2** Six CRM&#39;s Use of Subscriber Data. Subscriber grants, and represents and warrants that it has the right to grant, Six CRM a limited license to collect, store, process, display, and otherwise use the Subscriber Data for the purpose of providing the Services to Subscriber. Subscriber represents that it owns or otherwise has the right to collect and use the Subscriber Data. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, Six CRM may use data collection technologies to collect certain information related to or  arising from Subscriber&#39;s use of the Services and/or the Subscriber Data.  Such information may include personally identifiable information or Six CRM may maintain it or associate it with personally identifiable information.  Six CRM may use such collected information to improve its product offerings and services as well as share it with third party affiliated entities to provide Subscriber with additional complementary services.  In addition, Six CRM may disclose any such information to third parties; provided that, Six CRM removes or anonymizes all personally identifiable information included in such data.
  * **9.3** Loss of Data. In the event Six CRM becomes aware of unauthorized access to Subscriber Data, Six CRM shall, as applicable: (a) notify Subscriber within forty-eight (48) hours of becoming aware that such an incident occurred; and (b) cooperate with Subscriber in investigating the occurrence, including making available all relevant records, logs, files, data reporting, and other materials required to comply with applicable law or as otherwise required by Subscriber. Six CRM shall not be liable for damages associated with any loss of Subscriber Data or unauthorized access to Subscriber data unless the loss or unauthorized access was caused by Six CRM&#39;s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Subscriber shall be responsible for compliance with any applicable data breach notification requirements.

* **10.** **Confidentiality; Proprietary Rights**
  * **10.1** Each Party (the &quot;Receiving Party&quot;) understands that the other party (the &quot;Disclosing Party&quot;) has disclosed or may disclose business, technical or financial information relating to the Disclosing Party&#39;s business (hereinafter referred to as &quot;Confidential Information&quot; of the Disclosing Party). Confidential Information of Six CRM includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Site and/or Services. Confidential Information of Subscriber includes non-public data provided by Subscriber to Six CRM to enable the provision of the Services (&quot;Six CRM Data&quot;).
  * **10.2** The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Confidential Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Confidential Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after five (5) years following the disclosure thereof, or five (5) years from the date of termination of this Agreement (whichever is later), or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party or (e) is required to be disclosed by law.
  * **10.3** Additionally, the Receiver Party shall ensure that Confidential Information is disclosed to its employee(s), authorized agent(s) and/or independent contractor(s) on a need to know basis and that all such parties have agreed in writing to be bound by these confidentiality obligations and to use reasonable care, but not less care than they use with respect to their own information of like character.
  * **10.4** Either Party may disclose, upon written notice to the other Party, Confidential Information in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, as otherwise required by law or the rules of any applicable securities exchange or as necessary to establish the rights of either Party under the Agreement; provided, however, that the Receiving Party shall provide prompt notice to the Disclosing Party, allowing Disclosing Party to take all necessary steps to move to quash any subpoena or otherwise seek protection of said information from public disclosure. Both Parties will stipulate to any orders necessary to protect said information from public disclosure.
  * **10.5** Violation of this section shall be considered a material breach of the Agreement and will entitle non-breaching Party to terminate this Agreement without liability to the other Party, and to pursue any and all other remedies available at law or in equity. The breaching Party acknowledges that a breach of this section would cause non-breaching Party irreparable harm and that non-breaching Party shall be entitled to appropriate injunctive relief in the event such breach is threatened or occurs. The non-breaching Party may seek injunctive relief without the necessity of filing a bond or undertaking and may seek injunctive relief without proof of damages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Six CRM&#39;s total cumulative liability under this Section will not exceed an amount equal to all amounts actually received by Six CRM from Subscriber during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding any allegation by Subscriber of disclosure of Proprietary Information.
  * **10.6** Upon termination of the Agreement, upon written demand by the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party agrees that it will promptly return the Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party, including all copies thereof or, if requested to do so by the Disclosing Party, will destroy the Confidential Information.
  * **10.7** Six CRM expressly reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Services, including any software used to provide the Services, including any copyright, patent, trademark, or other intellectual property right or federal or state right, pertaining thereto. The granting of a subscription to Subscriber to access and use the Services is not a sale to Subscriber of any rights in the Services and does not grant Subscriber any right to use, receive or view, copies of source code, schematics, master copies, design materials or other information related to the creation, development, or implementation of the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, You shall have no rights to receive any source code for the Services and shall not reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive source code for the Services for any purpose.
  * **10.8** If a third party claims that the Services infringe its patent, copyright or trade secret, or any similar intellectual property right, Six CRM will defend Subscriber against that claim at Six CRM&#39;s expense and pay all damages that a court finally awards, provided that Subscriber promptly notifies Six CRM in writing of the claim, and Subscriber allows Six CRM to control and Subscriber cooperates with Six CRM in, the defense or any related settlement negotiations. If such a claim is made or appears possible, Subscriber agrees to permit Six CRM to modify the Services in order to attempt to avoid such claims. If Six CRM determines that this alternative is not reasonably available, You agree to cease using the Services on Six CRM&#39;s request, and without any further liability or obligation of Six CRM. Further, Six CRM shall have no obligation whatsoever for any claim based on Subscriber&#39;s combination, operation, or use with any product, data or apparatus not specified or provided by Six CRM. THIS PARAGRAPH STATES SIX CRM&#39;s ENTIRE OBLIGATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF INFRINGEMENT.

* **11.** **Non-Circumvention; Non-Solicitation; Non-Competition**
  * **11.1** Subscriber recognizes that Six CRM has proprietary relationships with its third-party publishers/traffic partners. Subscriber agrees not to circumvent Six CRM&#39;s relationship with such publishers/traffic partners, or otherwise solicit, purchase, contract for or obtain services similar to the services performed by Six CRM hereunder from any third-party publisher that is known, or should reasonably be known, by Subscriber to have such a relationship with Six CRM, during the term of this Agreement and for one (1) year following termination or expiration of this Agreement.
  * **11.2** Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that Subscriber can show that any such third-party publisher already provided such services to Subscriber prior to the date of the Effective Date of this Agreement, then Subscriber shall not be prohibited from continuing such relationship.
  * **11.3** Six CRM and Subscriber each agree not to solicit the employees of the other during the term of this Agreement and any extensions thereof, and for a period of one year after termination of this Agreement.
  * **11.4** Subscriber understands and agrees that during the term of the Agreement, and for one (1) year after the last date of Subscriber using the Services, Subscriber will not create, develop, sell, offer or distribute a Competing Service. A &quot;Competing Service&quot; is defined as software as a service that provides a customer management software system with analytics for tracking and managing online sales activity. Subscriber understands and agrees that violation of this clause will be grounds for immediate termination of the Agreement without liability on the part of Six CRM. Six CRM reserves the right to pursue equitable relief to stop any actual or threatened violation of this Section , as well as any other relief permitted under the law.
  * **11.5** Non-Exclusivity. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict Six CRM from entering into or continuing any agreement with any party, whether similar to this Agreement in nature or scope.

* **12.** **Governing Law; Jurisdiction**

The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions. Any legal claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in the State of California, Los Angeles County. In the event it shall become necessary for Six CRM to take action of any type whatsoever to enforce the terms of this Agreement, Six CRM shall be entitled to an award of its reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys&#39; fees and out-of-pocket costs, incurred in connection with such action, including without limitation any informal or formal demands, negotiations, mediations, litigation and appeals. Unless expressly stated herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to confer any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the Parties hereto and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any third-persons to any party to this Agreement, nor shall any provision give any third persons any right of subrogation or action over or against any party to this Agreement.

* **13.** **Limitation of Liability**

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, SIX CRM AND ITS SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL EQUIPMENT AND TECHNOLOGY SUPPLIERS), OFFICERS, AFFILIATES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS AND EMPLOYEES SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED THERETO UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY: (A) FOR ERROR OR INTERRUPTION OF USE OR FOR LOSS OR INACCURACY OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY OR LOSS OF BUSINESS; (B) FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (C) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND SIX CRM&#39;S REASONABLE CONTROL; OR (D) FOR ANY AMOUNTS THAT, TOGETHER WITH AMOUNTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL OTHER CLAIMS, EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY SUBSCRIBER TO SIX CRM FOR THE SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACT THAT GAVE RISE TO THE LIABILITY, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER OR NOT SIX CRM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

* **14.** **Indemnification**
  * **14.1** Subscriber agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Six CRM and our partners, agents, officers, directors, employees, subcontractors, successors, assigns, third party suppliers of information and documents, attorneys, advertisers, product and service providers, and affiliates (collectively, &quot;Affiliated Parties&quot;) harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, (including reasonable attorneys&#39; fees and expenses) (collectively &quot;CLAIMS&quot;) arising from (a) Subscriber&#39;s breach of the terms of this Agreement; (b) Subscriber&#39;s violation of an applicable law; (c) the content of any Subscriber Data; or (d) Subscriber&#39;s user of the Services.
  * **14.2** Subscriber agrees: (i) to promptly notify Six CRM in writing of any Claim that it becomes aware of and provide Six CRM with the opportunity to defend or negotiate a settlement of any such Claim at Subscriber&#39;s expense; and (ii) to cooperate fully with Six CRM, at Subscriber&#39;s expense, in defending or settling such Claim.
  * **14.3** Six CRM has the right, but not the obligation to, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification, for which Subscriber shall pay for all reasonable costs associated with such defense, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys&#39; fees, expert fees, costs and settlement.
  * **14.4** No settlement may be consummated without Six CRM&#39;s express written authorization.
* **15.** **Nontransferable**

Your right to use the Site and Services is not transferable or assignable. Any username, password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable or assignable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign the Agreement, and any of its rights hereunder, in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or stock sale, merger or other corporate reorganization resulting in a change of control, with the consent of the other party, which should not be unreasonably withheld.

* **16.** **Entire Agreement; Construction; Modification**

The Agreement represents the complete and entire expression of the agreement between the Parties, and shall supersede any and all other agreements, whether written or verbal, between the Parties. The Agreement shall be construed as if both Parties equally participated in its drafting, and thus shall not be construed against the drafter.  Six CRM reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Agreement at any time and may add to, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Services at any time.  In the event of any material change, Six CRM will notify Subscriber via e-mail or other method of contact through the Service at least three (3) days prior to any such changes taking effect, at which time Subscriber may either agree to such changes or withdraw from the Services. If Subscriber continues to use the Services after receiving notice of the change, Subscriber will be deemed to have accepted the change. .

* **17.** **Non-Waiver; Severability**

No waiver of any breach of any provision of the Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving Party. If any provision contained in the Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law, then such provision will be severed and replaced with a new provision that most closely reflects the real intention of the Parties, and the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

* **18.** **Status of the Parties; Subcontracting**
  * **18.1** The Parties hereto are independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, agency, employment, franchise or joint venture between the Parties. Neither Party has the authority to bind the other or incur any obligation on its behalf.
  * **18.2** Six CRM expressly reserves the right to subcontract, at Six CRM&#39;s expense, for the performance of any and all of the services to be provided under this Agreement. In such event, however, the rights and obligations of Six CRM and Subscriber shall not be diminished; and provided further that, for any subcontractor engaged by Six CRM to perform the applicable services, Six CRM shall remain responsible for (i) such subcontractor&#39;s compliance with the terms and conditions of the this Agreement; and (ii) such subcontractor&#39;s acts or omissions, as if undertaken by Six CRM.

* **19.** **Force Majeure**

With the exception of Subscriber&#39;s contractual payment of Fees obligation, neither party shall be liable for delays or failure to perform the Services or the Agreement due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Such delays include, but are not limited to, fire, explosion, flood or other natural catastrophe, governmental legislation, acts, orders or regulations, strikes or labor difficulties, to the extent not occasioned by the fault or negligence of the delayed party. Any such excuse for delay shall last only as long as the event remains beyond the reasonable control of the delayed party. However, the Party whose performance is so delayed shall use commercially-reasonable, good-faith efforts to minimize the effects of such delay and shall resume performance as soon as practicable.

* **20.** **Notices**

Except as otherwise set forth herein, all notices or other communications related to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by (a) personal service; (b) electronic mail (to the email address appearing in the signature blocks below); or (c) United States certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid to the mailing addresses appearing in the signature blocks below. Notice given by personal service or via email shall be deemed effective on the date it is delivered to the addressee, and notice mailed shall be deemed effective five (5) days after the date of mailing.

* **21.** **Headings**

The inclusion of headings in this Agreement is for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation hereof.

1878145.11

**EXHIBIT A**

**Service Level Terms**

The Services shall be available for processing transactions 99.9% of the time, measured monthly, excluding holidays and weekends and scheduled maintenance. If Subscriber requests maintenance during these hours, any uptime or downtime calculation will exclude periods affected by such maintenance. Further, any downtime resulting from outages of third party connections, vendors and/or utilities or other reasons beyond Six CRM&#39;s control will also be excluded from any such calculation.

Subscriber&#39;s sole and exclusive remedy, and Six CRM&#39;s entire liability, in connection with the Services availability for processing transactions shall be the following Service Level Credits:

| Total Service Unavailability Time in a Month (&quot;Downtime&quot;) | Downtime Credit |
| --- | --- |
| 99.9% - 100.0% | 0% |
| 99.5% - 99.8% | 2% of monthly fees |
| 99.0% - 99.4% | 5% of monthly fees |
| 98.5% - 98.9% | 10% of monthly fees |
| 98.0$ - 98.4% | 15% of monthly fees |
| Less than 98.0% | 20% of monthly fees |

Downtime shall begin to accrue as soon as Subscriber (with notice to Six CRM) recognizes that downtime for the processing of transactions is taking place, and continues until the availability of the Services to process transactions is restored. In order to receive a Downtime Credit, Subscriber must notify Six CRM in writing as soon as practicable following its becoming aware of the Downtime, but in no event longer than twenty-four (24) hours from the start of Downtime, and failure to provide such notice will forfeit the right to receive a Downtime Credit.  Such credits may not be redeemed for cash.

Six CRM&#39;s blocking of data communications or other Service in accordance with its policies shall not be deemed to be a failure of Six CRM to provide adequate service levels under this Agreement.



**EXHIBIT B**

**Support Terms**

Six CRM will provide Technical Support to Subscriber via both telephone and electronic mail on weekdays during the hours of 9:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, with the exclusion of Federal Holidays (&quot; **Support Hours** &quot;).

Subscriber may initiate a helpdesk ticket during Support Hours by calling [**888-897-6276**] or any time by emailing [**get-help@sixcrm.com**].

Six CRM will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to all Helpdesk tickets within one (1) business day.
